.\" 
.\" Man page written for htv
.\"
.TH htv 1 "April 2013"
.O 1
.SH NAME
htv - Convey SystemC to Verilog translation tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
htv [-Dname[=value]] [-vdir directory] [-lvx] [-sbx] [-sdrp]
       INPUT.cpp VERILOG.v

htv [-Dname[=value]] INPUT.sc SYSTEMC.h VERILOG.v

.SH DESCRIPTION
htv is the primary tool in the Convey SystemC development flow.  It performs several functions, including: translation of SystemC to Verilog, it generates connectivity and port definitions for sub-modules based on port names [in the form of top-level Verilog and SystemC modules] and it performs design consistency (lint) checking of SystemC logic. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
.B \-Dname[=value]
Defines the macro name to the specified value or 1 if the value is ommited.  The macro "_HTV" is defined by default

.TP 
.B \-vdir directory
Specify directory that generated file should be written.  File name is same as the base name of the input file.

.TP 
.B \-lvx
Initialize local variables to undefined to allow more aggressive logic reduction. (default is initialize to 0, matching SystemC behavior)

.TP 
.B \-sbx
Generates a sandbox in addition to the normal output files.

.TP 
.B \-sdrp
Instantiate Xilinx distributed ram primitives in the generated verilog. (default is to infer the rams)

.TP 
.B \INPUT.sc
SystemC template input file defining a level of module hierarchy

.TP
.B \ SYSTEMC.h
SystemC module definition output file

.TP
.B \ VERILOG.v
Verilog output file

.SH EXAMPLES
.B $ htv DpMisc.cpp DpMisc.v

.B $ htv ModuleTop.sc ModuleTop.h ModuleTop.v

.SH SEE ALSO
.B htl
.B vex
